God thinks about God.
The truth about things cannot simply be that they appear a certain way to the senses, because the senses can conflict with each other.
Present and past-tense propositions are necessary propositions. If the proposition is "Socrates was bald" then it is necessarily the case that "Socrates was bald".
As the Etruscans are said often to torture captives by chaining corpses to their bodies face to face, and limb to limb, so the soul seems to be spread out and nailed to all the organs of the bod)'.
Teleological explanations (1) explain things in terms of their terminus, not their beginning, and (2) invoke the notion of what is good for that kind of thing. Teleological explanation applies to every level of organization of nature, from the organism to the cosmos.
Substances are the subjects of change, (e.g. a woman can be young and later old).
Everything in motion is moving because of something else.
Happiness is an activity, which requires the exercise of all of the moral virtues, not just some of them. The good life is a life of virtue.
Wisdom is essential for moral virtue, but not identical to it.
Understanding is theoretical and concerned with eternal truths; wisdom is practical and concerned with human affairs.
An action is voluntary if it is not forced on you and if you weren't in error when you chose to do it.
The soul cannot be divorced from the body. The soul is the activity by which a body maintains itself, develops, and decays.
Being is not the same as existence.
Matter is the principle of individuation. Two things, otherwise identical, are distinct insofar as they are constituted of different matter.
The are four kinds of explanations or answers to the question 'why': formal, efficient, final, material.
Without motion, there is no time. But time, unlike motion, cannot be faster or slower. So, time and motion are not the same.
Motion is a continuus occupation of positions between two points--there is no jumping over intermediate points in the motion from A to B. Motion is continuous because space is continuous. Time derives its continuity from the continuity of motion. 
Motion, he says, is the actuality of what is in potentiality, in so far as it is in potentiality.
Space depends on the existence of bodies. A vacuum is an empty place bounded by bodies.
The infinite is only potential, it is not actual. What is divisible to infinity is not unendingy divisible.
Points cannot be adjacent or continuous because they do not have parts, and therefore have no boundaries distinct from themselves.
There are two kinds of quantities: discrete and continuous.
The nature of a virtue (arete) is its characteristic output (ergon). (E.g. virtue in thought--rationality--is to output true judgments.)
Concepts are derived from memories of sensory experiences.
Farmers are the best kind of people, merchants second, bankers last.
All constitutions have three components: (1) a component that specifies rules for making war, forming alliances, and passing laws (deliberative), (2) a component that specifies how political offices will be filled (official), and (3) a part for specifying how the courts will work (judicial).
A state is a society of people who share moral and political values.
There are three kinds of constitutions: monarchy, aristocracy, and democracy.
