Moral actions must be motivated by a sense of duty, and the intention to treat people as intrinsically valuable, never as means to an end. Duty, not happiness, is the fundamental moral concept.
Four paralogisms (or fallacious syllogisms) of pure reason: "(1) from Necessarily the thinking subject is a subject we conclude The thinking subject is a necessary subject; (2) from Dividing up the ego makes no sense we conclude The ego is an indivisible substance; (3) from Whenever I am conscious, it is the same I who am conscious we conclude Whenever I am conscious, I am conscious of the same I; (4) from I can think of myself without my body we conclude Without my body I can think of myself. In each paralogism, a harmless analytical proposition is converted, by logical sleight of hand, into a contentious synthetic a priori proposition. On the basis of the paralogisms rational psychology concludes that the self is an immaterial, incorruptible, personal, immortal entity." (quoted from Kenny) 
Apperception: perception of object attended by an awareness that of oneself as the consistent subject of such perceptions. Transcendental apperception: approximately self-consciousness, the percpetion of oneself as such.
The human mind has three components: (a) a cognitive component; (b) an affective component; and (c) a connative component.
Our capacity to identify cause and effect relationships enables us to experience time.
The problem of the continuum cannot be solved.
Whatever you sense, you can think about. If you sense something, it is classified under a concept. Understanding enables us to form concepts, but the understand can't do its work without the senses. We apply our concepts by way of our capacity for judgment.
There are two kinds of knowledge: a priori (independent of experience) and a posteriori (based on experience). There are two kinds of judgment: analytic (relating a concept to itself in some respect) and synthetic (relating multiple concepts to each other). Ex. "All bachelors are unmarried," is analytic, because being unmarried is part of the concept of a bachelor. "Lifelong bachelors have a shorter life expectancy," is synthetic, because shorter life expectancy is not part of the concept of a bachelor. If metaphysics is ever going to be a science, we must be able to make true synthetic a priori judgments: necessary truths that are not the result of merely relating a concept to itself. 
If an action is moral, then everyone should do it (and should be able to do it) without exception and without regard for any special circumstance. Ex. Lying is immoral. For lying to succeed, people must speak the truth at least some of the time. If everyone lied all of the time, language would be useless. If everyone lied in a particular circumstance, all of the time, language would break down in that particular circumstance.
Hypothetical Imperative: a commandent to perform an action, given a special set of circumstances. Categorical Imperative: a commandment to perform an action, regardless of circumstance.
Space and time are not mind-independent: they are part of our own cognitive machinery for turning sensation into experience.
Our ability to think depends on our ability to have sensory experience, but sensory experience without a prior conceptual structure will never get off the ground. 'Thoughts without content are empty; intuitions without concepts are blind.'
