Our capacities for behavior determine our capacities for experience.
Objects are indivisible and combinable. Objects cannot be created or destroyed. All possible worlds contain the same objects. If any object is given all objects are given.
States of affairs are inferentially independent of eachother.
Radical skepticism is incoherent because it undermines our confidence in the meaning of the words used to express it. Real doubt makes a difference to how we conduct ourselves. And, real doubt has a reason--we cannot just decide to doubt and succeed at it.
Philosophy is not science: philosophers constantly see the methods of science before their eyes, and are irresistibly tempted to answer questions in the way science does. This tendency is the real source of metaphysics, and leads the philosopher into complete darkness
when philosophers use a word knowledge, being, object, I, proposition, name and try to grasp the essence of the thing, one must always ask oneself: is the word ever actually used in this way in the language which is its original home? What we do is to bring words back from their metaphysical to their everyday use)'.
Language is related to the world through language games. Examples of language games include: taking and giving orders, describing the appearance of things, describing sensations, the taking of measurements, reporting on an event, speculating about the future, making up stories, play acting, guessing riddles, telling jokes, asking, cursing, greeting, and praying.
Private experience depends on a shared public world.
God does not reveal himself in the world it is not how things are in the world that is mystical, but that it exists.'
There is no problem of the meaning of life.
An atomic proposition has an object and a predicate (e.g. quarks have mass). Atomic propositions have truth values (true or false). Atomic propositions can be combined into molecular propositions (e.g. quarks have mass and quarks have baryon numbers). When the propositions of science are fully analyzed, each will contain names of indivisible objects. These names will be related to each in a way that pictures the relations between the objects they represent.
The 7 Propositions of the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus: (1) The world is everything that is the case. (2) What is the case (a fact) is the existence of states of affairs. (3) A logical picture of facts is a thought. (4) A thought is a proposition with a sense. (5) A thought is a proposition with a sense. (6) A proposition is a truth-function of elementary propositions. (An elementary proposition is a truth-function of itself.) (7) The general form of a proposition is the general form of a truth function, which is: [p, E, N(E)] This is the general form of a proposition. (8) Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
