God did not create the universe out of nothing, but out of a pre-existing chaos.
The good life consists in pleasure and wisdom together.
Pleasure can be quantified and applied to our conception of the good life.
The Soul has 3 Parts: (1) the avaricious part, the ambitious part, and reason, which loves learning.
Assume that wherever a thing has a property, it has that property in virtue of some Form. If the Forms can be predicated of themselves, we will have an infinite regress. If several things are large, they are large due to the form of largeness. Is largeness large? It must be. But, what accounts for largeness being large? It must be in virtue of some other largeness form.  
Forms must be able to combine with each other, but not all Forms can combine with each other.
What is known must be true. So, truth is a necessary condition on knowledge. But knowledge is not just true thought. Knowledge also requires the thought to take on some form (logos), which is yet to be discovered.
Dialectic is a philosophical method that takes a claim and tries to show that it leads to a contradiction. If a contradiction is reached, the premisses used to derive the contradiction are tested, until an unquestionable premiss is found.
Even if our knowledge of our current state of sensory experience is infallible, our beliefs about future experience are not.
The paradigm of knowledge is knowledge of the essences of things.
Any sentence must have at least one verb and one noun.
There is only one world.
Aristocracy (rule by the best) is the most just form of government. In a just state, everyone does serves a role according to their aptitudes. After aristocracy, in order from best worst:  timocracy, oligarchy, democracy, and despotism.
In the just state, there is no marriage for the upper class. Instead, women are held in common and sex is public.
The working class should be controlled by creating myths, or 'noble falsehoods', about who is fit to lead and who is fit to follow.
City living makes the division of labor effective for meeting everyone's needs.
It is possible that individuals will benefit more from appearing just than from actually being just.
Social contracts, which set up a kind of system of justice, enable the weak to avoid the oppression of the strong.
