I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free
Content precedes design. Design in the absence of content is not design, it’s decoration.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished? Yes; work never begun.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Design creates culture. Culture shapes values. Values determine the future.
There's no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there's no end to it.
Design is the fundamental soul of a human-made creation that ends up expressing itself in successive outer layers of the product or service.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
A design isn’t finished until somebody is using it.
The holy grail is to spend less time making the picture than it takes people to look at it.
Anyone who says you can't see a thought simply doesn't know art.
A camel is a horse designed by a committee.
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself.
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home.
In nature, light creates the colour. In the picture, colour creates the light.
Creative without strategy is called 'art'. Creative with strategy is called 'advertising'.
Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.
Everything is designed. Few things are designed well.
No place is boring, if you've had a good night's sleep and have a pocket full of unexposed film.
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.
Design is as much an act of spacing as an act of marking.
I don't paint things. I only paint the difference between things.
An artist never really finishes his work; he merely abandons it.
Practice safe design: Use a concept.
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.
Art is an idea that has found its perfect visual expression. And design is the vehicle by which this expression is made possible. Art is a noun, and design is a noun and also a verb. Art is a product and design is a process. Design is the foundation of all the arts.
When you photograph people in colour you photograph their clothes. But when you photograph people in B&W, you photograph their souls!
For me, design is like choosing what I’m going to wear for the day - only much more complicated and not really the same at all.
The artist's world is limitless. It can be found anywhere, far from where he lives or a few feet away. It is always on his doorstep.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
Sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
Dodging and burning are steps to take care of mistakes God made in establishing tonal relationships.
Art is like masturbation. It is selfish and introverted and done for you and you alone. Design is like sex. There is someone else involved, their needs are just as important as your own, and if everything goes right, both parties are happy in the end.
I think a photography class should be a requirement in all educational programs because it makes you see the world rather than just look at it.
One photo out of focus is a mistake, ten photos out of focus are an experimentation, one hundred photos out of focus are a style.
