His style is chaos illumined by flashes of lightning.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
There is no mode of action, no form of emotion, that we do not share with the lower animals. It is only by language that we rise above them, or above each other—by language, which is the parent, and not the child, of thought.
Every great man nowadays has his disciples, and it is always Judas who writes the biography.
Truth, in the matters of religion, is simply the opinion that has survived.
I am but too conscious of the fact that we are born in an age when only the dull are treated seriously, and I live in terror of not being misunderstood.
The one duty we owe to history is to rewrite it.
It is well for his peace that the saint goes to his martyrdom. He is spared the sight of the horror of his harvest.
Action [...] is the last resource of those who know not how to dream.
It is through art, and through art only, that we can realize our perfection; through art and art only that we can shield ourselves from the sordid perils of actual existence.
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
It is to do nothing that the elect exist. Action is limited and relative. Unlimited and absolute is the vision of him who sits at ease and watches, who walks in loneliness and dreams.
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
To be good, according to the vulgar standard of goodness, is obviously quite easy. It merely requires a certain amount of sordid terror, a certain lack of imaginative thought, and a certain low passion for middle-class respectability.
There is no sin except stupidity.
Ah! Don't say you agree with me. When people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
England has done one thing; it has invented and established Public Opinion, which is an attempt to organize the ignorance of the community, and to elevate it to the dignity of physical force.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
One is tempted to define man as a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
Nowadays we are all of us so hard up that the only pleasant things to pay are compliments. They're the only things we can pay.
I can resist everything except temptation.
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about it.
I am the only person in the world I should like to know thoroughly.
My experience is that as soon as people are old enough to know better, they don't know anything at all.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
My own business always bores me to death. I prefer other people's.
Gossip is charming! History is merely gossip. But scandal is gossip made tedious by morality.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
In this world there are only two tragedies. One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing. [Answering the question, what is a cynic?]
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. [First used by Wilde in Vera; or, The Nihilists.]
I have never admitted that I am more than twenty-nine, or thirty at the most. Twenty-nine when there are pink shades, thirty when there are not.
What a pity that in life we only get our lessons when they are of no use to us.
